otelconf: add default attributes to configuration-provided resource (#8990)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-go-contrib: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

### Changed

> - The configuration-provided resource now includes default SDK attributes. (#8990)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Added

- The resource created by `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/otelconf` now includes [default SDK attributes](https://pkg.go.dev/go.opentelemetry.io/otel/sdk/resource#Default). (#8990)
```
```
